README.md, before:

# LethalMon

LethalMon is a Lethal Company mod that includes the possibility to catch monsters and use them to help you.

This mod is still in alpha so expect bugs or not a lot of features.


## How to catch monsters?

You have to find balls in the buildings and then send them to a monster with left click. For now, not all monsters are implemented and catchable. Please take a look at [Implemented monsters and behaviours](#implemented-monsters-and-behaviours)

Each ball has a different probability of success depending on the type of ball and the monster's type.

The stronger the monster is, the harder to catch it is. And be careful, if the catch fails, the ball disappears and the monster will want to kill you.

![balls.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/master/Images/balls.png)


## Now that I caught one, what should I do?

You can throw the ball on the ground where you want the monster to appear.

To retrieve it, press P (configurable).

If a player dies or disconnects, the monster will be called in the ball at its location.


## Implemented monsters and behaviours

Here are the implementation status of monsters:

|     Monster     | Implemented |                               Behaviour                                |                   Capture failure                    |
|:---------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------:|
|   Baboon Hawk   |     Yes     |                  Echo-localize items and defends you                   | Spawns a tiny baboon hawk that attract other baboons |
|     Barber      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|      Bees       |     Yes     |          Stun monsters and damage players that hurt the owner          |              Attacking thrower for 10s               |
|     Bracken     |     Yes     |                           Drags enemies away                           |                   Chasing thrower                    |
|     Butler      |     Yes     |                 Clean up dead enemies and spawn scraps                 |                    Stabs thrower                     |
|    Coil-head    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
| Earth Leviathan |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|   Eyeless Dog   |     Yes     | Run far from the owner and howls in order to draw other dogs attention |           Chasing player more aggressively           |
|  Forest Keeper  |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|   Ghost Girl    |     Yes     |                   Teleports enemies and damages them                   |     Scaring thrower 3 times, followed by a hunt      |
|  Hoarding Bug   |     Yes     |              Brings items in a line of sight to the owner              |                   Angry at thrower                   |
|    Hygrodere    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Jester      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Kidnapper Fox  |     Yes     |             Shoots its tongue at enemies and can kill them             |     Chase player or shoot tongue if close enough     |
|    Maneater     |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|    Manticoil    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Mask Hornets   |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Masked      |     Yes     |      Can lend you its mask to make you see enemies through walls       |          Spawning 2 ghosts that deal damage          |
|   Nutcracker    |     Yes     |                 Shoots at any enemy in a line of sight                 |     Shooting while rotating, similar to a turret     |
|    Old Bird     |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
| Roaming Locusts | Will not be |                                   -                                    |                          -                           |
|   Snare Flea    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Spider      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Spore Lizard   |     Yes     |                          Can be used as mount                          |                    Spawns a cloud                    |
|     Thumper     |     Yes     |   Can open all doors and disable turrets, but is not really obedient   |                    Target thrower                    |
|   Tulip Snake   |     Yes     |                        Allows the player to fly                        |  Clinging to player, during which it is uncatchable  |


## Capture probabilities

To get capture probabilities, use the command `lethaldex` in the terminal (the image may be outdated as enemies are regularly added and capture rates can be modified):

![lethaldex.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/master/Images/lethaldex.png)

## Monsters are not working at the company building!

By default, there are no path in the company building for the monsters to move.
You can fix this by installing the mod [NavMeshInCompany](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Kittenji/NavMeshInCompany/)

## Addons

We also got you covered with additional mods that add up on this one:
- [LethalMonReservedSlot](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Niro/LethalMonReservedSlot/) - A reserved slot for the first pokeball you pick up!

## Bug reports

You can report bugs on GitHub https://github.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/issues or on the LC discord modding server https://discord.com/invite/lcmod

Commit message:

Add recruiting in README.md

README.md, after:

# LethalMon

LethalMon is a Lethal Company mod that includes the possibility to catch monsters and use them to help you.

This mod is still in alpha so expect bugs or not a lot of features.

## We are recruiting!

We are looking for people to help us with mod.

We need people to help us with:
- Coding
- Modeling
- Animating
- Testing

If you are interested, please contact us on the LC discord modding server https://discord.com/invite/lcmod (thread in #mod-releases).

## How to catch monsters?

You have to find balls in the buildings and then send them to a monster with left click. For now, not all monsters are implemented and catchable. Please take a look at [Implemented monsters and behaviours](#implemented-monsters-and-behaviours)

Each ball has a different probability of success depending on the type of ball and the monster's type.

The stronger the monster is, the harder to catch it is. And be careful, if the catch fails, the ball disappears and the monster will want to kill you.

![balls.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/master/Images/balls.png)


## Now that I caught one, what should I do?

You can throw the ball on the ground where you want the monster to appear.

To retrieve it, press P (configurable).

If a player dies or disconnects, the monster will be called in the ball at its location.


## Implemented monsters and behaviours

Here are the implementation status of monsters:

|     Monster     | Implemented |                               Behaviour                                |                   Capture failure                    |
|:---------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------:|
|   Baboon Hawk   |     Yes     |                  Echo-localize items and defends you                   | Spawns a tiny baboon hawk that attract other baboons |
|     Barber      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|      Bees       |     Yes     |          Stun monsters and damage players that hurt the owner          |              Attacking thrower for 10s               |
|     Bracken     |     Yes     |                           Drags enemies away                           |                   Chasing thrower                    |
|     Butler      |     Yes     |                 Clean up dead enemies and spawn scraps                 |                    Stabs thrower                     |
|    Coil-head    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
| Earth Leviathan |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|   Eyeless Dog   |     Yes     | Run far from the owner and howls in order to draw other dogs attention |           Chasing player more aggressively           |
|  Forest Keeper  |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|   Ghost Girl    |     Yes     |                   Teleports enemies and damages them                   |     Scaring thrower 3 times, followed by a hunt      |
|  Hoarding Bug   |     Yes     |              Brings items in a line of sight to the owner              |                   Angry at thrower                   |
|    Hygrodere    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Jester      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Kidnapper Fox  |     Yes     |             Shoots its tongue at enemies and can kill them             |     Chase player or shoot tongue if close enough     |
|    Maneater     |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|    Manticoil    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Mask Hornets   |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Masked      |     Yes     |      Can lend you its mask to make you see enemies through walls       |          Spawning 2 ghosts that deal damage          |
|   Nutcracker    |     Yes     |                 Shoots at any enemy in a line of sight                 |     Shooting while rotating, similar to a turret     |
|    Old Bird     |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
| Roaming Locusts | Will not be |                                   -                                    |                          -                           |
|   Snare Flea    |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|     Spider      |     No      |                                  TBD                                   |                         TBD                          |
|  Spore Lizard   |     Yes     |                          Can be used as mount                          |                    Spawns a cloud                    |
|     Thumper     |     Yes     |   Can open all doors and disable turrets, but is not really obedient   |                    Target thrower                    |
|   Tulip Snake   |     Yes     |                        Allows the player to fly                        |  Clinging to player, during which it is uncatchable  |


## Capture probabilities

To get capture probabilities, use the command `lethaldex` in the terminal (the image may be outdated as enemies are regularly added and capture rates can be modified):

![lethaldex.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/master/Images/lethaldex.png)

## Monsters are not working at the company building!

By default, there are no path in the company building for the monsters to move.
You can fix this by installing the mod [NavMeshInCompany](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Kittenji/NavMeshInCompany/)

## Addons

We also got you covered with additional mods that add up on this one:
- [LethalMonReservedSlot](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Niro/LethalMonReservedSlot/) - A reserved slot for the first pokeball you pick up!

## Bug reports

You can report bugs on GitHub https://github.com/Feiryn/LethalMon/issues or on the LC discord modding server https://discord.com/invite/lcmod
